[Docs-2.0] Update `Receive.md` to 2.0 (#1088)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/Receive.md

## Generating addresses step-by-step

1. Start Wasabi and open the wallet that you want to receive coins into.

> 2. Click `Receive` button in the main views top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click the `Receive` button in the main view's top right corner.
```

> 3. Type in the name of the entities who know about this address. Optionally you can click on the suggested labels, in case you've used them before.

Reviewer 2: > If a user has already used a label before I think we should emphasize that it is better to choose from the suggested labels, to avoid typos.

I think this is very important to add.

## Generating addresses step-by-step

1. Start Wasabi and open the wallet that you want to receive coins into.
2. Click the `Receive` button in the main view's top right corner.
3. Type in the name of the entities who know about this address.

> Optionally you can click on the suggested labels, in case you've used them before.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have already used a label before, simply choose it from the suggested labels.
```

Because UTXOs are not fungible, it is very important to know exactly which coin is which, and that is done by carefully labeling.

:::tip

> In Wasabi it is mandatory to give every receive address a label, so that later auto coinjoin-robot knows where you got the coin from and what to do with it. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In Wasabi it is mandatory to give every receive address a label, so that later you know where you got the coin from and what to do with it. 
```

In Wasabi it is mandatory to give every receive address a label, so that later auto coinjoin-robot knows where you got the coin from and what to do with it. 
:::

![Set known by in Wasabi Wallet](/ReceiveLabelingRequired.png "Set known by in Wasabi Wallet")

> Wasabi is not like other Bitcoin wallets, it is a privacy-oriented wallet and every feature and every design decision is based mainly (sometimes exclusively) on privacy costs/benefits analysis.

Reviewer: this is an important piece of information, maybe keep it?

> For that reason, many of its features depend on each other and a correct understanding of how they play together is critical to achieve and improve the privacy of our transactions.

Reviewer 2: I agree with @MarnixCroes. IMO we should keep this, and the sentence after it ofc.

Author: I dont think that texts belongs to `Receive.md`.

### Coin control

Coin control is a key feature that enables all the other features.
How could we CoinJoin our coins if we aren't able to select the ones we want to participate with?
How could we know which coins are being spent in a transaction?
How could we decide what to reveal to a KYC exchange?
Well, without coin control it is not possible.

Wasabi is a coins-oriented wallet in the sense that coins are the most important unit of information to make decisions to protect privacy.

### Observers

As a privacy-oriented solution, the focus is always on minimizing how much we selectively reveal about our financial activity.
For that reason when we create a new address to receive bitcoins or when we send a transaction, we are forced to label that coin!
And what kind of information do we have to provide here?

> The label has to tell us who are the observers that know about that coin.

Reviewer 2: I guess we should keep this one also, as it explains the importance of labeling.

Author: The whole `The importance of labeling` section explains exactly that.

### Known by Entities

For example, if I create a new address to receive a `0.5 BTC` payment from Andrew for a laptop that I sold to him then the label has to be: `Andrew`.

Wasabi does not label transactions, but the addresses that control the coins.
The label is not for describing the `reason for payment`, but rather to list the `involved parties`.
Understanding this difference between labeling an address and describing a transaction is very important for our privacy.

> ### Clusters

Author: Cluster is not a concept used in the wallet as its difficult to measure, so I'd move it do glossary or something.
We use pockets, which should be explained but maybe in a separate PR.
